M-Motors: A Success Story M-Motors was founded in 1977 as a specialist in selling used vehicles. The company has achieved significant success and reputation. After 30 years, it became one of the top 10 companies nationwide. This success stems from several factors, all centered around customer satisfaction. A Diverse Offering and High-Quality Customer Service The company offers a wide range of: Brands Models Engine types Mileage options Prices This allows it to cater to all customer needs and budgets. Additionally, the vehicles are of high quality, ensuring good mechanical condition and regular maintenance to guarantee reliability and safety. This includes: Thorough technical inspections Repairs and refurbishments Warranty options The company also has a commercial service and after-sales service that support customers with personalized advice. The goal is to provide high-quality customer service by understanding their needs and guiding them toward the most suitable vehicle. Additional Services Test Drive : Allows customers to try vehicles before purchasing. Financing Service : Offers budget-friendly solutions in partnership with financial institutions. Trade-in Service : Simplifies the buying process by accepting the customer's old vehicle. Structure and Workforce The company employs 800 staff members and serves approximately one million customers nationwide. New Service: Long-Term Leasing with Purchase Option Following a market study conducted by the commercial department, a new service was proposed to the company: Long-Term Leasing with Purchase Option (LLD/LOA) This service includes several options within the rental subscription: Comprehensive insurance Breakdown assistance Maintenance and after-sales service Technical inspections A detailed study, including a ROI business plan , was conducted. The project was approved by management, and a large budget was allocated to revamp the current web application, which facilitates the purchase of used cars. Web Application Revamp A meeting was held between management, the commercial department, and the IT department. A Product Owner from the commercial team was appointed. New Features Client Side Vehicle search with two options: purchase or rental Registration and submission of purchase or rental application Document upload via the interface ( 100% paperless process ) Application progress tracking via a customer space Back Office Adding vehicles for rental Adding vehicles for sale Switching a vehicle between rental ↔ sale Viewing rental/purchase applications Approving or rejecting rental/purchase applications IT Department's Technical Requirements Define RPO (Recovery Point Objective) and RTO (Recovery Time Objective) values with the Product Owner Redesign the software architecture based on these values Migrate current data to a new database Cloud hosting as part of the "Move to Cloud" operation Project Architecture Frontend Backend Database Necessary files for database initialization Technology Stack Backend API Flask Frontend React DevOps Docker Deployment on AWS ECS ?? Lambda ?? EC2 ?? Lightsail RDS ?? S3 ?? Links https://trello.com/b/9OujogUZ/motors-rent https://github.com/Makhtar99/Motors-rent Team Members DIOUF Makhtar, Charlery Malcolm, RENÉ Marie, BENGUIGUI Avidan, RENEVIER Joachim, REKIK Kylian, BERNARD Anne-Flore Environment Set the ENV_MODE In .env , set => ENV_MODE="development" Set Environment Variables .env = Default variables without secrets => Versioned .env.local = Secrets => Not versioned During container creation, environment variables from .env are overwritten by those in .env.local Create the .env.local File with Secrets Start the Application docker compose up --build The backend takes the longest to initialize. We wait for the database to be ready before proceeding. Migration files are added to prevent database regression. OR WITH LLM (OLLAMA) docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml -f docker-compose.llm.yml up -d PLEASE READ THE MAKEFILE: make help Connecting to PGAdmin via Web If you do not have the PGAdmin application installed, you can access it directly from your web browser. Web Interface Access: URL : localhost:8080 Email / Username : admin@admin.fr Password : ChangeMe Navigating in PGAdmin: In the left panel, expand Servers . When prompted for a password, use: ChangeMe . To view tables: Servers → Databases → groupe11 → Schemas → Tables .